Refactor data pipeline (#68)
orcwg/cra.orcwg.org: README.md

1. **External Content** - FAQ content is maintained in the [`orcwg/cra-hub`](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub) repository
2. **Cache Update** - The `update-cache.sh` script clones/updates external content into `_cache/faq/`
3. **Data Processing** - `src/_data/data.js` orchestrates the complete data pipeline:
   - **Text Processing**: Markdown to plain text conversion for titles and summaries
   - **File Operations**: Parsing markdown files with frontmatter
   - **FAQ Processing**: Extract questions, answers, and metadata from FAQ markdown files
   - **Guidance Request Processing**: Parse pending guidance request documents
   - **Curated List Processing**: Load and normalize README.yml files from FAQ subdirectories
   - **Authors Processing**: Load AUTHORS.md content

>    - **Relationship Building**: Cross-reference FAQs with guidance requests and curated lists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Cross-referencing**: Cross-reference FAQs with guidance requests and curated lists
```
